current-spotify-song: add current-spotify-song, a script that displays the song currently playing in Spotify (#337)
vivien/i3blocks-contrib: current-spotify-song/README.md

# current-spotify-song

Display the song currently playing in Spotify. When clicked, display the album name and release year.

![Song title](song.png)

![Album name with release year](album.png)

# Dependencies

* `python3`
* A [Spotify developer app](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/applications) with `client_id` and `secret`
* A premium Spotify account

# Installation

Spotifys API requires Oauth authentication. Therefore you most setup an [Spotify Developer App](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard/applications).

## Spotify Developer App Setup

The only thing you need to configure is the `Redirect URI` in your app. The `Redirect URI` most be set to `http://localhost:8080/`, otherwise the setup wizard in the next step will fail.

## Script setup wizard

The script includes a setup wizard that will help you set it up.

* Copy the script to your directory of choice, e.g. `~/.config/i3blocks/scripts/`
* Run the setup wizard `current-spotify-song setup`
* Enter your `client_id` and `secret` you got from your Spotify developer app.

> * Open the promted link and the instructions to allow your app to access your Spotify account.

Author: ```suggestion
* Open the prompted link and follow the instructions to allow your app to access your Spotify account.
```
